Are your grades higher or lower than Nancy's?
She wore warm, fleecy, woolen overalls.
Reading in poor light gives you eyestrain.
Even I occasionally get the Monday blues!
We are open every Monday evening.
It's not easy to create illuminating examples.
Mum strongly dislikes appetizers.
Those who teach values first abolish cheating.
The frightened child was gently subdued by his big brother.
Even a simple vocabulary contains symbols.
A crab challenged me, but a quick stab vanquished him.
Glucose and fructose are natural sugars found in fruit.
Are you looking for employment?
Coffee is grown on steep, jungle-like slopes in temperate zones.
We welcome many new students each year.
Only the best players enjoy popularity.
Calcium makes bones and teeth strong.
Nothing is as offensive as innocence.
Steve wore a bright red cashmere sweater.
Barb's gold bracelet was a graduation present.
Draw every outer line first, then fill in the interior.
The water contained too much chlorine and stung his eyes.
John's brother repainted the garage door.
Challenge each general's intelligence.
Ambidextrous pickpockets accomplish more.
A muscular abdomen is good for your back.
They own a big house in the remote countryside.
The rose corsage smelled sweet.
That pickpocket was caught red-handed.
An adult male baboon's teeth are not suitable for eating shellfish.
Her wardrobe consists of only skirts and blouses.
The two artists exchanged autographs.
Butterscotch fudge goes well with vanilla ice cream.
Rich purchased several signed lithographs.
Any contributions will be greatly appreciated.
The cranberry bog gets very pretty in Autumn.
How do oysters make pearls?
May I order a parfait after I eat dinner?
Is she going with you?
Can the agency overthrow alien forces?
A screwdriver is made from vodka and orange juice.
How much allowance do you get?
Cyclical programs will never compile.
The Boston Ballet overcame their funding shortage.
Every cab needs repainting often.
Help Greg to pick a peck of potatoes.
We like blue cheese but Victor likes brie.
Count the number of teaspoons of soysauce that you add.
Bagpipes and bongos are musical instruments.
How good is your endurance?